Name of the project : Battlestar
Description :-fixed shooter in which the player controls a spaceship by moving it horizontally across the bottom
of the dot-matrix and firing at descending enemies. The aim is to defeat the incoming waves (or the final boss depending on the mission) 
that move horizontally back and forth across the screen as they advance toward the bottom of the screen.
Requirements : Arduino Uno / Nano
Connection cable
Jumper Wires
Breadboard(s)
2-4 buttons (functionality depending on the spaceship you own through progress in-game) (not implemented)
Joystick (movement)
Buzzer(Audio signal - weapons ready) (not implemented)
4 - 8x8 dot matrices ( I intend to use 4 dot matrices in order to visualise better the difference between enemy types , bosses , available
spaceships you can acquire & other future edits) - If it isn't against the scope of the project
Led (Visual Signal - death , incoming boss , laser ready) (not implemented)
Switch
LCD Menu
4 - Max7219 Driver (2 simple ones and 2 with the module)
Game Specifications : The player defeats an enemy spaceship and earns points by shooting it with the weapons in the arsenal.
As more enemies are defeated, their movement speed / health / dmg increases. Defeating all the enemies of the specific wave ,brings 
another wave that is more difficult, a loop which can continue endlessly.This would be the endless mode.
Besides the endless mode , there will be at least 3 different missions . Each mission will have a specific name which will be from the
actual canon-lore of star wars . Each mission will be & feel unique: obstacles , enemies , boss fights with diff mechanics.
The main menu will guide you through the possible settings you can adjust , Thus being the mode you want to play , the difficulty ,
shop - here you can purchase custom parts for each ship , new spaceships , supplies & consumable materials ,
LeaderBoard which stores name-score in eeprom , Credits , Instructions .
The score will change depending on the enemy you defeat through the course of a battle . If it happens that you're struck by an enemy , 
you shall lose one life . Depending on the difficulty / mission / shop  , you can acquire more lives.
Besides having an excellent & bug-free game , my intention is to implement a bunch of animations . 
"Design is intelligence made visible." -- Alina Wheeler

